Release 0.9.0 (XXXXX, 2023)
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Added features
--------------

* eTraGo is now compatible with Python 3.8
* eTraGo can now import and optimize networks that include other energy sectors such as gas, heating and mobility
* Various flexibility options from different energy sectors can be considered in the optimization:
** Weather dependent capacity of transmission lines
** Demand side management
** Flexible charging of electric vehicles
** Heat and hydrogen stores
** Power2Hydrogen, Hydrogen2Power
** Methanation and Steam-Methane-Reduction
* eTraGo arguments can now be partially provided and updated.
* eTraGo can now import datamodels from databases without using the ego.io
* Existing clustering methods were adapted to be able to reduce the complexity of not electrical sectors.
* Improvement of the ehv clustering (much faster now)
* A new clustering method "kmedoids-dijkstra" was implemented. This method considers the electrical distance between the buses in the network. It is also available for the methane grid.
* It is possible to select if the foreign buses are considered or not during the clustering process.
* The number of CPUs used to perform the clustering can be provided by the user. 
* A function to analyse the clustering results is included.
* Some more options are available to conduct a reduction in temporal dimension: 
** segmentation: clustering of adjacent hours to segments of variable length
** clustering to typical periods extended to cluster on weeks and months
* A temporal disaggregation is available through a 2-level-approach including a dispatch optimization on the temporally fullcomplex model
* New plotting functions to visualize the optimization results from all the included energy sectors were implemented
* Functions to analyze results were updated to consider new sectors
